Add support for ResourcesRequest to v4 (#106)
cyberark/conjur-api-go: CHANGELOG.md

- New check in RetrieveBatchSecretSafe method which will return an error if the `Content-Type` header
  is not set in the response (this indicates Conjur is out of date with the client).
  [cyberark/conjur-api-go#104](https://github.com/cyberark/conjur-api-go/issues/104)

> - ResourcesRequest is now supported for v4 conjur instances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ResourcesRequest is now supported for Conjur Enterprise v4.
  [PR cyberark/conjur-api-go#106](https://github.com/cyberark/conjur-api-go/pull/106)
```

I am not sure whether it's worth including this since our next release soon will deprecate v4, so I'd also be ok with deleting it. up to you
